# Terms and Conditions
This document explains terms and conditions for mobile application “Quicker Than Cactus” that are legally binding for all users of the application “Quicker Than Cactus”. Anyone who uses mobile application “Quicker Than Cactus” has automatically agreed to the terms and conditions that are stated in here. For anyone to use the application “Quicker Than Cactus” must follow all rules stated in this terms and conditions. All users of the application are solely responsible for reading legally binding policies, terms, and rules of the mobile application “Quicker Than Cactus” and its third-party services it may use. The right to use the application is given to the users as it is, and therefore users and users can use it with their own risk. The owner of the mobile application “Quicker Than Cactus” cannot be held accountable for the lack of enjoyment the application creates.

These rules are governed by with the laws of Finland. Therefore, users agree to the jurisdictions of Finland. If these rules stated in the terms and conditions are violated, users can be banned, and users accounts can be terminated. All the terms and conditions must be accepted before using the application. Users under 18 must have their parents’ permission to use the application and have their parents view and agree to the terms and conditions. It is users’ responsibility to verify their age truthfully before using the application. If rules, terms, and conditions stated here are violated, owner of the mobile application “Quicker Than Cactus” have right to use and will use appropriate legal counsel. Any illegal activity in the mobile application “Quicker Than Cactus” is prohibited and is solely users’ responsibility.  All intellectual property rights that are trademarked, copyrighted, or protected ideas can only be used for personal uses in non-commercial way. There can be errors on inaccuracies in the application and owner of the mobile application “Quicker Than Cactus” reserves right to correct any errors.
